nonsensical MUST on frames fitting in packets (#2603)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

## Frames and Frame Types {#frames}

> The payload of QUIC packets, after removing packet protection, commonly consist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload of a QUIC packet, after removing packet protection, commonly consists
```

or "payload of QUIC packets, ... consists"

Reviewer: ... maybe remove "commonly" as well, since the exceptions are listed next anyway?
